additional noted regarding gitlab syncing (#429)
dwp/dataworks-github-config: README.md

1. Update the `github_repository` resource name (example) using underscores as separators if required. Its `name`  should use hyphen separators if required, and `description` attributes should be a single sentence. 
1. Replace every instance of `example` with the name of your repo using underscores.
   1. For Terraform repos also update the `local.example_pipeline_name` key and value. This allows the pipeline name to differ from the repo, and typically be a shorter name.

> 1. Please also update https://gitlab.com/dwp/engineering/github-saas/-/blob/main/config/DataWorks.yaml and submit MR to ensure that the gitlab repo definitions match ours. This is an interim solution and gitlab will become the defacto after 11/2021.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Please also update https://gitlab.com/dwp/engineering/github-saas/-/blob/main/config/DataWorks.yaml and submit a PR to ensure that the gitlab repo definitions match ours. This is an interim solution and gitlab will become the defacto after 11/2021.   
```

Author: Its MR in gitlab. Merge request
